on the other side of the world Roxy
wants to see if she can help Moya reach
an important milestone in his
rehabilitation just a few days old
Moya nearly drowned as a result he's
developed a deep-rooted fear of water
months of therapy have rebuilt his
confidence today he faces a big
challenge we're going down to the big
dam and trying to help him get over his
fear of water let's go see I'm just
gonna walk straight in and see what
happens
even with Roxy and Josephine encouraging
him Moyo
isn't keen you know they say elephants
don't forget and perhaps he will never
forget his trauma but at least if we can
show him that it can be a bit of fun we
can sort of retrain his brain to cope
with that early memory so hopefully
he'll just settle we'll just go slowly
slowly slowly after some gentle
reassurance from Roxy Moyo finally takes
the plunge
but I think it helps being in the water
as his confidence builds he begins to
enjoy the experience
14 months of around-the-clock care and
therapy have led to this moment
Lily normal thing Lewis milestone and
it's one that I've actually been
dreaming about just to swim with with
more properly yeah no I genuinely off I
love that bury me laughter it's great
and for more yo it's a huge step forward
in his long journey back to the wild
reassurance and I just want to please
you you know to begin if he was doing it
to please me I mean he he started to
have fun and I just love that about
Ellie's it's wonderful
you